Improve SLR Blog Post Introduction (#153)
JabRef/blog.jabref.org: _posts/2026-08-01-systematic-literature-reviews-in-jabref.md

authors: ["faneesh", "loay"]
---

> Hi, we're Loay and Faneesh. This summer, we added two meaningful pieces of functionality to **Systematic Literature Review (SLR)** support in JabRef: you can now give any catalog its own native search query instead of relying only on JabRef's translated one, and every search you run is now fully reproducible, recorded exactly as it happened. Rather than walking through a changelog, we thought it'd be easier to show you how it works through a concrete example.

Reviewer: I suggest not to make it sound like a point-wise exam answer to whatever Ryan stated. Remember this will be read by users, so we have to make it sound natural. I think it's called "flow" in writing?
Also, now that we introduce users to the new functionality upfront before walking through, the "rather than walking through a changelog" part becomes less relevant here.

How about:
```suggestion
Hi, we're Loay and Faneesh. This summer, we worked on improving **Systematic Literature Review (SLR)** support in JabRef, and we're here to talk about it. 
To give an overview, one, you can now give any catalog its own native search query instead of relying only on JabRef's translated ones, and two, every search you run is now fully reproducible, recorded exactly as it happened.  
To see all this in action, lets walk through a concrete example.
```
